Prince, eldest prince? Ah? What's going on?
My subordinate wants to remind you to be careful if your colleagues close their eyes.
What does it mean? Your Majesty, now,
It's your world, the most prince fighting for Chu Jun, etc.
The eyes have already been killed.
Among them, the third prince is in charge,
I hate Shou Lang the most.
During the Ming Dynasty, the two princes who were the director of the song,
So maybe it's too much or something.
So what you mean is, I am the eldest prince,
Take me into the public house.
If you want to take over on your own, that's mainly not the case. Really. fine
Those who fight hard to surrender to the party are particularly special
I don't believe I can't deal with some seemingly
Don't be scared. It's hurt.
How dare you hit Huang?
Still not giving up
Let me see who comes in doing what